Added L7 tutorial katacoda experience. (#183)
hashicorp/katakoda: consul-l7-observability-kubernetes/step6.md

> In a third terminal, forward the Grafana UI to port 3000 with the following command.

Author: ```suggestion
Issue the following command, which will, in a separate terminal, forward the Grafana UI to port 3000 on the development host.
```

`export POD_NAME=$(kubectl get pods --namespace default -l "app.kubernetes.io/name=grafana,app.kubernetes.io/instance=grafana" -o jsonpath="{.items[0].metadata.name}") && kubectl --namespace default port-forward $POD_NAME 3000 --address 0.0.0.0`{{execute T3}}

You will receive the following output.

```plaintext
Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:3000 -> 3000
Forwarding from [::1]:3000 -> 3000
```

> Now, open a new tab and view port 3000. Login with

Reviewer: Tab as in new terminal window or something else?

Author: Tab is the tab that I have configured Katacoda to provide, next to the Terminal tab.  I'll update this.

> Now, open a new tab and view port 3000. Login with

Author: ```suggestion
Now, open the Grafana UI tab next to the Terminal tab in the Katacoda environment. Login with
```

> Now, open the Grafana UI tab next to the Terminal tab in the Katacoda environment. This will launch a new browser tab. Login with

Reviewer: I feel like this section needs another heading, maybe "Login and import a dashboard".

Author: Done

> Now, open the Grafana UI tab next to the Terminal tab in the Katacoda environment. This will launch a new browser tab. Login with

Author: ```suggestion
## Login and import a dashboard

Now, open the Grafana UI tab next to the Terminal tab in the Katacoda environment. This will launch a new browser tab. Login with
```

username `admin` and password `password`. Once you
have logged into the Grafana UI, hover over the dashboards
icon (four squares in the left hand menu) and then click
the "Manage" option.

This will take you to a page that gives you some choices

> about how to upload Grafana dashboards. Click the "Import"

Reviewer: I'd note that they need to copy all 862 lines of the file.

Author: Done

button on the right hand side of the screen.

Open the file called `grafana/hashicups-dashboard.json`{{open}}
and copy the contents into the JSON window of the Grafana UI.
Click through the rest of the options, and you will end up with

> a dashboard that shows your current cluster metrics.

Reviewer: Can we add a concluding section that says what's being measured and its importance. Maybe 3 - 5 more sentences?

Author: Let me know if this works.  If not, let's discuss.

Issue the following command, which will, in a separate terminal, forward the Grafana UI to port 3000 on the development host.

`export POD_NAME=$(kubectl get pods --namespace default -l "app.kubernetes.io/name=grafana,app.kubernetes.io/instance=grafana" -o jsonpath="{.items[0].metadata.name}") && kubectl --namespace default port-forward $POD_NAME 3000 --address 0.0.0.0`{{execute T3}}

You will receive the following output.

```plaintext
Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:3000 -> 3000
Forwarding from [::1]:3000 -> 3000
```

## Login and import a dashboard

Now, open the Grafana UI tab next to the Terminal tab in the Katacoda environment. This will launch a new browser tab. Login with
username `admin` and password `password`. Once you
have logged into the Grafana UI, hover over the dashboards
icon (four squares in the left hand menu) and then click
the "Manage" option.

This will take you to a page that gives you some choices
about how to upload Grafana dashboards. Click the "Import"
button on the right hand side of the screen.

Open the file called `grafana/hashicups-dashboard.json`{{open}}

> and copy the contents into the JSON window of the Grafana UI.

Author: ```suggestion
and copy the contents into the JSON window of the Grafana UI. **Note**, this is an 862 line file, and you need to make sure you copy and paste all of it.
```
